Add initial AI contribution policy (#7982)
scikit-image/scikit-image: CONTRIBUTING.rst

.. contents::
   :local:

PR Checklist
------------

- Concise, descriptive title
- [Docstrings for all functions](https://github.com/numpy/numpydoc/blob/main/doc/example.py)
- [Unit tests](https://scikit-image.org/docs/dev/development/contribute.html#testing)
- For new features, a gallery example in `./doc/examples`
- Tools declaration: in case tools other than a text editor were used
  in creating the PR

AI Policy
---------
We are a small developer team, and we enjoy reviewing and discussing code written by other humans.

> If, despite our strong preference, you decide to use AI to make a PR, please:

Author: ```suggestion
We recognize that LLMs may be useful for some rote maintenance tasks,
but overall prefer for contributions to be hand-written.
If you do use AI to make a PR, we ask that you:
```

1. indicate *how* you used it in the PR description;

> 2. make sure you *fully understand* all the changes so we can ask you

Author: ```suggestion
2. make sure you *carefully review* and *fully understand* all proposed changes so we 
   may have a conversation about them; and
```

>    about them; and

Author: ```suggestion
```

.. contents::
   :local:

PR Checklist
------------

- Concise, descriptive title
- `Docstrings for all functions <https://github.com/numpy/numpydoc/blob/main/doc/example.py>`_
- `Unit tests <https://scikit-image.org/docs/dev/development/contribute.html#testing>`_
- For new features, a gallery example in `./doc/examples`
- Tools declaration: in case tools other than a text editor were used
  in creating the PR

AI Policy
---------
Regardless of how a PR was produced, scikit-image requires that
authors illustrate a thorough understanding of any proposed changes.
You **must review such code line-by-line**—it is **your
responsibility** to ensure that it is correct, and that it does not
breach copyright. You should expect the team to ask questions about
your work.

scikit-image is technically complex, key infrastructure; therefore, we
place a high premium on correctness, and on avoiding technical
complexity that may affect maintainability. If you want to make use of
LLMs in a significant way, we ask that you **please check in with us
first**. Regardless, **always declare tool usage**.

> Agents may opt-in to fast track reviewing by adding 🤖 to their PR titles.

Author: @greptileai Is it more specific in the latest commit?

.. contents::
   :local:

PR Checklist
------------

- Concise, descriptive title
- `Docstrings for all functions <https://github.com/numpy/numpydoc/blob/main/doc/example.py>`_
- `Unit tests <https://scikit-image.org/docs/dev/development/contribute.html#testing>`_
- For new features, a gallery example in `./doc/examples`
- Tools disclosure: in case tools other than a text editor were used
  in creating the PR

AI Policy

> ---------

Reviewer: This section is short enough for now but it still makes our contributor file even more overwhelming. If everything is included, nothing stands out. Would you be against moving this into a dedicated `ai_policy.md` in our docs and linking to it here?

I don't have a clear solution but I've been thinking about how we can shorten our contribution guide to be less overwhelming.

Reviewer: I feel like this belongs in our [Development section](https://scikit-image.org/docs/dev/development/index.html) with a clear link from our contribution guide.

Author: Perhaps wise to just get it in for now, then we can always reshuffle material in a follow-up PR.

.. contents::
   :local:

PR Checklist
------------

- Concise, descriptive title
- `Docstrings for all functions <https://github.com/numpy/numpydoc/blob/main/doc/example.py>`_
- `Unit tests <https://scikit-image.org/docs/dev/development/contribute.html#testing>`_
- For new features, a gallery example in `./doc/examples`
- Tools declaration: in case tools other than a text editor were used
  in creating the PR

AI Policy
---------
scikit-image requires that PR authors illustrate a thorough
understanding of any changes they propose. We typically assess this

> from the PR description and subsequent conversations.

Reviewer 2: The PR description is almost invariably written by the AI, so I would guess it is not useful to assess the author's understanding.

Author: Yes, I had thought of that; I wasn't sure how else we assess (description + follow-up conversations). Do you have suggestions for wording here?

Reviewer: How about just scratching this sentence. How we assess an LLM contribution is unclear and probably prone to change and _gut feeling_.
